Copied from EPC website on 5th Nov 2022
https://epc.opendatacommunities.org/docs/guidance

Issue	Definition
‘INVALID’ fields	Invalid reports are where the value provided is out of bounds, e.g. a negative energy rating of -1199 or a non-integer, there is no valid energy band for this, so it is marked as INVALID!
‘NO DATA!’	When the energy certificate was first lodged on the register there was no requirement to lodge this data item, i.e. a non-mandatory item.
‘N/A’	Input value supplied by the software which has produced the energy certificate.
‘Not recorded’	A value generated by the register to account for a data item that was not mandatory when the lodgement of the energy certificate occurred. When the data item became mandatory the register operator, for backwards compatibility purposes, populated the data field with a value of ‘not recorded’ to ensure that the energy certificate retrieval process is successfully completed. Mandatory data items cannot be applied retrospectively to energy certificates lodged before the date of the change.
Operational Ratings equal to ‘9999’	The data also contains DECs with an operational rating of ‘9999’ (a ‘default’ DEC). The production of a ‘default’ DEC value was allowed to enable building occupiers, with poor quality or no energy data, the opportunity to comply with the regulations. From April 2011 the ability to lodge a ‘default’ DEC was no longer allowed.
‘Blank’ Building Emission Rate	The Building Emission Rate (BER) data field for non-domestic buildings may contain a ‘blank’ value. The BER was only lodged on the register from 7 March 2010.
Data containing the words ‘for backward compatibility only’	Where values in a ‘pick’ list that have been superseded by another value. For example, where a value for ‘pitched roof’ has been replaced by three sub-categories of pitched roof. The original value is retained but ‘for backward compatibility only’ it is appended to ensure that the energy certificate retrieval process can be successfully completed. Replacement data items cannot be applied retrospectively to energy certificates lodged on the register before the date of the change.
Local Authority ‘NULL’ value	There are currently just over 8,600 records where the local authority identifier is ‘null’. This is due to the Register Operator not being able to match the building address in the Markermap Ordinance Survey (GB) lookup tables or OS MasterMap Address Layer 2 data. The majority of these addresses have been requested manually by energy assessors for inclusion by the Register Operator in the registers (e.g. new builds, etc). These records are being published for completeness. An ongoing process to manage these manually added addresses will take time to develop to deal with these and future anomalies.
Multiple field ‘NULL’ values	There are several fields within the lodged data where it is possible to enter multiple entries to cater for different types of build within a single property, i.e. extensions. This results in multiple entries for the description fields for floor, roof and wall. For the purposes of this data release only the information contained within the first of these multiple entries is being provided. As there are no restrictions on the value in this first field it means that sometimes the first field in a multiple entry description field may contain a ‘null’ value. A resolution to correct these anomalies will be considered for future data releases.
Extreme values	Higher than expected values for certain data variables, such as CO2 emissions; current and potential heating costs, may be caused by a combination of anomalous data entries and functionality issues with proprietary software. Although it’s not possible to identify what proportion of extreme values are anomalous, to account for this, data users may wish to apply the ‘median’ when looking at averages in their analysis, as a way of quality assuring the ‘mean’ to account for any extreme values